welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
fantastic planet
in the distant future the gargantuan
blue humanoid drags have brought human
beings
who are called homes as a play on the
french word for man
um from earth to the planet y gam where
they maintain a technologically and
spiritually advanced society
the drags consider ohm's animals and
while they keep some as pets
others live in the wilderness and are
periodically slaughtered by the drags
who wish to control their population
drags have much longer lifespans than
gnomes but reproduce
much less when an old mother is teased
to death by
three drug children her orphaned infant
is found by master sin
a key drug leader and his daughter tiwa
who keeps the boy as a pet and names him
tur
tiwa loves tur and is careful not to
hurt him
but in accordance with her parents
instructions
keeps him under control giving him a
collar with which she can pull him in
any direction
she brings her to sessions in which she
receives her education using
a headset that transmits knowledge into
her mind and a defect in his collar
allows him to receive the knowledge too
around the time that tiwa grows into her
teens and first performs drug meditation
which allows the species to travel with
their minds
she loses some interest in tur who has
become a young man and acquired much
drug knowledge
he escapes into the wilderness stealing
to his headset
there he runs into a wild female home
who cuts off his collar and
introduces him to her tribe which lives
in an abandoned drug park
full of strange creatures and landscapes
tur shows them how to use the headset to
acquire drug knowledge and literacy
winning the right to do so in a duel the
literacy they gain allows them to read a
drug announcement that the park will be
purged of ohms
and when the purge comes some are
slaughtered by drug technology while
others escape
joining forces with another tribe
they are attacked by two drug passers by
and managed to kill one of them before
escaping to an abandoned drug rocket
depot
much to the outrage of drug leaders
they lived there for years joined by
many other romes
and due to the knowledge acquired from
tur's headset
managed to replicate drug technology
including two rockets
they hope to leave wygam for its moon
the wild planet
and live their safe from drags when a
large-scale drog purge hits the depot
and many oms are slaughtered
a group led by tur uses the rockets to
flee to the wild planet
where they discover large statues that
drags travel to during meditation
and used to meet beings from other
galaxies in a strange ritual that
maintains their species
the ohms destroy some of the statues
threatening the drag's existence
the genocide is halted on wygam and
facing a crisis the drags sue for peace
the omes agreed to leave the wild planet
to the drags for their meditations
and in return an artificial satellite is
put into orbit around ygam and is given
to the ohms as a new home
this leads to an era of peaceful
coexistence between the two species
who now benefit from each other's way of
thinking
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you